[Music]
I guess we're starting this. Hello, farmers. I didn't we were talking before had I have a wittier one this time. Hello, farmers and welcome to another episode of the Robin Williams appreciation cast. Mine to a conversation. No, it gets it's privy to it. Maybe I'll my name is Kevin and we are here to talk about.
I wish more Robin Williams but cottage core games also because we are the harvest season surprise pull up.
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
The Scooby doo man. Okay. Hello. Yeah. So specifically we're here to where cottage core game slash roguelikes is we're here to talk about link banner of the spark. Which does. Yeah. There are. Oh my gosh. I didn't realize.
Wait, I can connect this to Robin Williams. So in this in this game, there's a lot of robots, right?
And Robin Williams was character in the movie robots, which is I started watching it today. So
Yeah, so this is all start this is all like we're talking about Robin Williams because I was talking about how I've been watching a lot of those movies I've been trying to watch Robin Williams movies and Jim Carey movies because I feel like I
I hit a couple of them, but I feel like I could use some more
Yeah
Like some of them I just watched as a kid or like growing up or whatever, but there were some that I just like I've still never watched Good morning Vietnam, which I've heard is like a really really good movie
I haven't either. I'm in the same boat, to be honest. I've missed a lot.
Oh, what was the one Robin Williams movie with the...
Well, he's a film developer guy. Oh, my goodness. Hold on. I'll look it up. You keep talking.
- Sure.
Yeah, basically I've been trying to watch his movies more
'cause I just really, I don't know,
it hit, I was like, "Oh, I miss him."
Yeah, he's good one hour photo. That's the name. Um, yeah, I haven't seen that one. I wanted one check that one because it's not a comedy, but
- He's a good egg.
- Mm-hmm.
Yeah, some of this dramas are better, honestly.
Yeah, yeah
I really like some of this stuff.
So that's what we're talking about.
But yeah, Linked Banner of the Spark has a lot of robots in.
Not Robin Williams sadly, but um, but yeah, okay, well we'll get to that but before you know you know how we do on this podcast
We've got
news of stuffs and other stuffs that we've been up to. Cody, what have you been up to? Tell us.
I, since the last time I was on this podcast, I have a new puppy. I think I didn't have her.
I was like going about to get her, but I didn't have her quite yet, right?
Yeah, yeah, I think the selection process was still undergoing.
Yeah, so basically they there was like a potential that we could get either this
female that we really wanted or we would get a male. And then it just so happened that the female is available so we got her and she's a sweet so just sweet angel who has waited
much energy and just really enjoying new puppy life she's really smart which is like a curse.
Oh, what, what breed are they, is she again?
She's an Australian shepherd they're one of the most intelligent breeds and they just have so much energy so Stella when he first got her like she had energy but she was very like aloof as a puppy she was very like even keel just kind of … like a little derpy um
Okay. Oh, yeah, that's a smart one.
and this one came out she's already really really smart and she already like with Stella Estella was trying to play with something that she was supposed to play with we could like take that and hide it and then give her a toy that she was supposed to play with and then um Stella would be like oh this is cool but like peppercorn is looking into peppercorn um she's like where'd that thing go I want to bite that thing like where did you put that thing so
Mm-hmm
Yeah, yeah, I I I get it. I I mean lucky is a toy poodle he is up there in the
um
Intelligence category as well and I deal with the same. I mean that is a roughly human child
Mm-hmm yep, but and we're learning create training. We're learning not to bark all the all the fun puppies
fun quote. I mean a lot of it is fun but also things get torn to shreds and they just look adorable doing and that's that's the kicker.
Yeah
two shreds
Mm-hmm, but yeah, so I've been doing that and then also on top of that like always always to tune the old
PhD trying to finish her up
So a lot of dissertation stuff. I haven't been able to make it through much of soaksong because of dissertation stuff like I just
Get I got really frustrated because I got stuck in a place
And then when I finally like got past that place. It's kind of a part where the game gets harder
Now I'm like in an area that's really like unforgiving and I'm just
[laughs]
I know I'll pick it back up eventually, but I just I'm really
need something that's just like a dive in for like five minutes five to ten minutes or whatever. And luckily,
some of my roommate and I play Fortnite together every now and then like I'll have work and while he's playing I'll be like doing some work and then he'll be doing some stuff while I'm playing. So we just pass off back and forth every time we dive and Fortnite's, yeah go for it. Yeah.
Okay, that that's good. Yeah. Okay. Well, one second before I just want to point out you you were doing the syphian task of, you know, a PhD and you took break of the other syphian task and what to go play. So stop. Okay, but four night is good. That's a good. Yes. Yeah. Yeah.
[laughing]
- Yeah.
Yeah.
I'm a lot of Sisyphus and I'm getting a new puppy and trying to train a new puppy on top of all of that.
- Yeah, but so we've been playing Fortnite and Fortnite has its like Halloween stuff going on right now and it's called Fortnite Mares.
And I am, we're having so much fun with it.
They've added like, so right
now it's the scream guys, like Ghostface and the Scooby-Doo characters.
Yeah.
What's Scooby doo doo doo doo doo doo doo I missed that one!
You'd be, yeah, Scooby-Doo isn't there.
So there's like some quests where you have to go like talk to all the people.
And then one of the quests, I was doing it, it's for Daphne.
She like lost her luggage or something.
So you go and try and find her luggage and you find out it was stolen by Mothman.
Okay
And my roommate and I like screamed because we love
Mothman.
Ooh, you're you're you're in my bank country. Yeah
Yeah, yeah
There's a lot of that in this area and a bunch of us want to go and just look at the Mothman stuff statues booty.
Yeah
I don't know if you've heard about the booty of the Mothman statue.
listeners of you haven't Google it. It's hilarious.
No
So yeah, we really want to do that. So we like lost our mind and we're waiting for a mothman outfit to come out because we will we have put no money into Fortnite, but we will.
Yeah. Okay. I mean, okay, like this is a lot because this is good stuff. First of all,
I love Scooby doo. I'm a huge Scooby doo fan. Um, that's, so that's awesome. Uh,
Yep, big same.
Mothman top top probably 10, maybe top five cryptids. That's a good one. Um, I'm looking up the butt.
- Mm-hmm.
Okay, I get it. I get it now. Yep. No, that's, uh, um, yep.
- He, he thick.
They're very, just like the real one.
I don't know why,
Oh, someone you, someone you, why?
I don't know why they needed to make the statues so thick.
But they did, and it's really funny.
I mean, why did Guillermo do it with the sound of water, the fishman?
So yeah.
Oh yeah, I haven't...
See that yet, but he does some silly stuff, but yeah.
But we know that's good stuff.
So yeah, that's been playing that a decent amount.
I'd usually, like, after getting up in the morning and running the dogs for a bit, like,
all before I jump into work, I'll play, like, a game or two.
Oh, they also had kpop demon hunters in there for a while.
I know, I know, I'm here, you're sweating about it, thinking constantly.
Um, and they still have a mode called Demon Rush, where it's basically just like Call of Duty
where you have, like, demons, like, running at you and you have to survive these waves.
Um, I really, I'll do, like, one or two of those, too, before, 'cause they take maybe, like,
That's pretty good.
10 minutes.
Um, I'll do a couple of those, and then I'll, and then I'll be like, "Okay, time to work."
that's pretty good. I saw many of those cosmetics. They're really good. I've never been interested in Fortnite up till this until K-pop even has evidence by last week when I screamed. Anyway,
Yep.
Yeah
Yeah, so that's what I've been up to what I've even up to
that's good stuff. Okay, so I have some. Okay, first off, my pop corner time.
uh-huh
Today I took like
the office my office work office for a little bit because it was going to be a long for a few hours I was like I'll just watch them. It's fine because today most people were working around anyway, so it was chill It was good. He's he's he's officially won now, I guess
oh
No.
But he's still very poppy And he probably will be for another year if not longer because we spoil him
But yeah, he was all behaved. He was fun. He was popular of course
because he just got groomed, so he's very cute and then done fluffy and soft. But he was good, but yeah, he's at one point. I did have to like, okay, I'm gonna hop in a conference room because he was a little bored, a little whiny, and there's people talking, so you know, let's not have puppy welps on the zoom calls. But yeah, that was fun. He's very tuckered eyes, been sleeping all after I go back.
[laughing]
So that was fun.
Okay.
So I'm a big podcast listener when I'm working because you know,
it's easy to throw stuff audio.
It's different sense as opposed to my vision stuff when I'm working.
Have you heard the thing about PAM?
The thing about no. Okay.
Okay.
So it is a date line podcast.
That's the one I listen to.
It's not just a single, it's a series.
many series like six episodes originally.
This one got a lot of attention. I they eventually made I think Netflix made these series out of it
It's a it's a wild one. It's about
Okay, this guy arrives home and he finds his wife murdered. She's been stabbed and
The investigation goes on and he basically this guy gets arrested and and is sent to jail for life He's found guilty, but he in fact did not do it
Mmm. Yeah.
a lot of let's say shenanigans that the law enforcement get up to and the prosecutors
Basically, there was another woman who took out a life insurance policy on the woman who died
So surprise I guess what her name is Pam and guess what she did it probably she hasn't been convicted But anyways, that's a setup and it's a wild rollercoaster I recommend to other people, but I will say this there is a second murder in this series involving this woman who's just like a
Suburban soccer mom type lady
But yeah, it's it's a good one. It's a wild story because just off the bat like the wrong person gets convicted
Yeah, good times
So I recommend that looks a date line podcast wherever it's also a mini series Renee
That's why I think I forget every her name
Brittany's cell wager? Uh-huh.
Yeah, that's the one. Yeah. Yeah, she she's the pretty she produced
the series because she listened to the podcast series and said, I want to make this into a acting series and then she stars in it using prosthetics and like a fit.
That is really funny because she played, she was in Chicago as Roxie Hart,
Yeah
which is a woman who murdered someone and gets it in like, basically gets away with it because her lawyer is good enough. So that's really funny.
Yeah, that's good. Oh, let's go. I didn't know that. That's good
Yeah, so let's check that out. That's the thing about Pam. I did some easy to listen six episodes or less than an hour each
Anyways, okay, the video game world though the one thing people care about here
Mm-hmm.
It's not true, but Okay, so I've been playing a lot.
Digimon cyber sleuth. That's a game that came out almost like 10 years ago.
I knew I'd like a new Digimon came out that I want to play, but I had been able to get it.
So I'm playing, you know, I went back to the original cyber sleuth.
This game is still incredible. I loved it the first time, replaying it is still incredible.
It's monster catching and
monster collector turn-based battles. So, you know, a lot of, let's say, comfort food.
For Pokemon fans, let's say that. But, of course, Digimon has their way of doing things.
Not that they're family friendly, but they'll get more mature or go, you know,
after different designs and things like that. And tonally, they can go pretty dark places.
This game can go incredibly dark in places, also really funny. The writing's just good across the board. But I want to talk about one side quiz called the Perfect
- Mm-hmm.
Girl Project. Okay. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. So the the I guess the setting for this world that the the game takes place in regular earth and Tokyo, but there's also an online like virtual reality world that everyone can log into and then you know, you have a virtual avatar and you just move around in cyberspace or whatever. Okay. So in this one side quest,
- God, this is already.
it's called cyber sleuth because you're a detective basically and you've been hired because
girls, there there have been these
life-sized dolls. Let's call them with very realistic appearances of actual people
of all all ladies and females, of course, being sold on the street. And so they're asking you to look into it because
That probably means somebody somehow stole their avatar data and
they're producing these these these dolls or whatever so you're already off to a great start right um well you dig into the case and eventually you learned there's there's a higher level to this plan it's called the perfect girl project basically they convince guys to sign up for the service where they can live online with virtual
there's a pretty much whatever woman or female or whoever they want and just hang out with them so you know good stuff but here there's there's only one catch or two two catches one the guy has to be healthy and to he has to be willing to just basically never never log off that he has to agree to that and so where does that lead to well while the guys meant totally in cyberspace with these these perfect girl projects his body is implied to be shipped off to a foreign country for whatever reasons they would want a healthy body and so we get the kind of a kill shot at the end of like proof of one of the Vic because you encounter one victim and he tries to log out and he can't log out there's nowhere to log out to he says which is a message that hasn't been seen in the game otherwise.
so so yeah that was fun that was wild to see them just go all in and then it was followed by a side quest where I helped the buddy find her rare manga that was it that's that's the kind of this tonal distance this game loves to do just go up and down like that from the most stuff to just shenanigans for giggles.
Wild. That's a choice they're making.
um yeah good stuff but yeah that's did you on that the likes of the writing grades I recommend I like did you want. um okay but that's what I've been up to all right let's get on to game news now okay uh to start things off let's talk about not overcooked to overthrown that's the one with the you're not link and you can.
pickup structures and throw them. Hence the name. Fun concept. Okay, big, their news, it's delayed. 1.0 is being delayed. I'll read the quote here. While I was not in easy call, we are fully committed to delivering the best possible version of the game and it would be a disservice both to our work and our community to rush the final release. That said, we want to reassure you that overthrown 0.0 is on track to launch before the end of the year. Um, that is, uh,
uh, yeah. Okay. So that's the, that's pretty much the news and I mean, good for them because it's better to, to use the quote out foot here. The, the famous quote from, I guess, the great developers.
So that came from them. I didn't realize that. Okay.
Oh, no, no, so I put this here.
One of the, there's a comment,
I just went to the comments on this,
'cause I'm always really curious whenever a game gets like delayed or whatever, like what the fans say.
So there was a commenter on this post,
whose name, their name is Gungrave,
uh-huh
and they said, "A finished game is good,
but an unfinished game is forever bad."
Yeah, I think that was me a motor who originally said it if I recall correctly someone I didn't end up here
Yeah, so, but...
- 10 out of 10. - Correct.
Yeah, yeah
- What?
- Take your time, get your stuff done,
but don't worry about rushing it.
Yeah, and hey, there's still aiming for this year, which that seems like a tight deadline, but okay
They have airships that's there's a lot going on in this game, but it's dropping bombs
the airships was wild, like they were like, "Oh, and here's a picture of the airships."
And I'm like, "You're straight up dropping from someone's like on someone's,
Yeah
it looks like they're farm.
It's just someone's farm just get an absolutely bomb dropped on, which is nuts."
Yeah, yeah, I mean, you know, I'm not surprised like they're doing a lot in this game because you know physics based throwing and what not like
That's a that's a lot. But take good for them for delaying. That's that's my opinion. Yeah, especially since you know a
Yeah, take your time.
Like 20 good games are coming out. So we've got plenty to play until then
Pokemon legends is going to be dropping after this podcast
Oh yeah, I keep forgetting about that because I'm like kind of out of that whole thing.
Yeah
Yeah, that's fine. Oh, I mean, well the game looks good. I like xy a lot. I like so I'm excited
Mm-hmm
Megaholutrix exists. I don't want that
Okay speaking of things that exists
The Guardians of Azuma that that is exists. It has existed and a new patch up
Is out actually one point one point. Oh, oh, yeah, all those decimals
It's out for switch and switch to in Europe and Australia
They added boss gauntlets which
Go ahead Cody you wrote your notes
Yeah, so the Bosgon lids, it just seems like to me like it's basically just a hard mode.
So for some bosses, so if you've completed the main quest, these Bosgon lids can be either acquired or purchased, I don't know exactly how, but it adds like, I think it was four different bosses that you can do that are just a little bit harder.
So if you've hit like the main, the end of the main quest, it kind of just offers something more difficult to do.
that's your up to difficulty.
down. There you go. And I mean, this is a room factory. So combat, I get people who play it for the combat. I presume so that that's a good one to add. But aside from that, the other part, because like linked banner of the spark, there's combat and there's not combat. Village life, they've added a new development zone to summer village.
Mm-hmm.
Just a whole bunch of new facilities and decorations. Expanding capacity of a whole bunch of stuff,
which is, it's fun. A maximum bomb level 200. What was it before? That's a triple digits. That's big.
And all sorts of bug fixes.
I always, so in the, in one of the next, I think it is in the next thing, Al calls that a bug fix,
he likes, and so I saw one on this that I thought was hilarious as well. So they said,
fixed a bug where villagers tasked with farming would sometimes harvest crops even when the action was set to off. So it's like, you tell, you tell them you're like, you don't have to harvest, and it's just in their blood. It's in their DNA. They're digital DNA. They're like,
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha Yeah. Yeah. Like the Minecraft villagers even when you really don't want to hurt me, they'll do it.
- I'm sorry, I have to harvest this, like.
[laughs]
I just think that's really, yeah.
And you're like, please, leave my stuff alone.
That's what I'm going to do.
Ah, that's good.
But yeah, I thought that was funny.
Um, speaking of one point one point oh, updates, story of seasons, grandpas are, oh, is that it?
That's so weird, it's coincidence because it's story of seasons and room factory.
You get the same update number.
Oh, you're right.
That's wild.
Um, I'll also getting the one point one point oh update.
Um, you know, so like the big thing is called happy bingo.
I didn't even notice that which props to you.
And it is, as the name implies, Bingo.
Basically, daily tasks, so you get a Bingo card from the nature sprites, and you gathering mushrooms, harvesting crops, selling things, I'm just kind of going based off the icon.
Just, you know, day-to-day activities you do, you fill out spots, and if you get a Bingo on bizarre days, you can go to the nature sprites and claim rewards.
And there are some cool ones, because you get a pirate outfit, I want to be a pirate
outfit, like pirate outfits, visuals, so.
Yep. I like, I just like the happy, I just like bingo. So anytime anyone could just make something a bingo, like you already have to do these tasks, but you can do them in a bingo style where it's like,
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
okay, well, how like in what order should I complete the tasks? And then they also have like
like a, if you do a horizontal or a vertical or a diagonal, like you get a different reward.
Ooh, oh yeah, I didn't catch that, that's good.
Yeah, so there's that. And then there's, if you complete all of them, then there's another,
so there's like levels to the bingo as well. Um, so I, I feel like that, and it would also make you do things that you might not always do. Um, because if I, for example, yeah, you have to pet the thing 25 that,
Al has to pet the barn animal 25 times
like I would do, I mean, I do that too, where I'm like, I don't want to do that. And so I will
not do something.
But if there's a little sweet treat associated with it, you betcha, I'm gonna do it.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, I mean and outfit is a pretty big incentive like you even
Side from pirate stuff that I like like just in general. That's a good one for this game
So that's exciting and that's just
Volume one in their image, so you know what else will they come up with? I don't know, but that's a cool. That's a cool way to do it
Yup. Oh, and then I'll the bug fix in this that I'll comment it on he said I love weird bugs. So this
Yeah, all right
[Laughs]
It's bug is fixed issues where dismounting from the horse would reset your bag color to the default outfits
The part I like is that, you know, maybe the devs don't even know themselves.
I just like things like this just make me smile like how did this
Happen like where in the code did it decide that it wanted
To like reset this, you know like it's just it's just silly. That is just a silly thing
Exactly!
Oh.
Good, good old spaghetti code and you know the gen good tower that is coding good good for you guys dear for dealing with that. I can't
[laughs]
All right, oh Tell the shyer so close you could have had a hat trick of the 1.1 point 1.0's
[laughter]
Tell the shyer update 1.0 point 2.4 digit
Farf decimal point places. Oh, that's good stuff
To you to quote al's note your bug fixes. That's the tweet. Um, we're yeah, we're good. Oh
That's it, that's it
Gosh, what was it? It was oh?
It was a Pokemon game
I can't remember what Pokemon game it was where the the patch notes would usually be various improvements to the game or something
Just just no notes
But Yeah, anyways
Guys, yeah, that's it. That's it. That's that's what it is. So I think
Yeah
Yeah, there's a handful of patch notes or bug fixes and whatnot. Um, I
I didn't play the game, so I can't pick out the funny ones
I mean, I like that one. That one's gonna, oh, sorry. The tails of the Shire one. No, so the tails of the Shire folks did, um, they did something cute where they have it so that, um, the, it says things like, oh, your line got tangled. So we fixed something so you could focus on the fish. Um, or, uh, some of the hobbits weren't minding their personal space. And so they would overlap each other.
But
I like this one, hobbits in turkey, I don't know what that means, we'll no longer see strange code word strings for flavors or for anything else for that matter, okay.
Wednesday. So it's, I mean, they, they need a cute thing.
They, they said cute little things, but yeah, it's just basic, basic bug fix.
I think it just means that people that lived in Turkey that were playing like the country Turkey.
Yeah. Oh, okay, realtor, yeah, I don't know if that was a wrap.
No, I think it's like real life Turkey.
Oh, okay. I see. Oh, I get it now. Okay. Well, that's fine. Okay. All right. Next up,
Yep.
a more updates to be, I guess, because we got fields of mystery. Uh, sadly, no, um, strange merch drops, but, uh, but we got a road map here. Um, oh my gosh.
How have you done enough villagers and romance? Yeah. Um, what does secret bachelorette mean?
Nope, there can always be more.
How, what does that mean? That's one of the first bullet points secret bachelorette becomes unlockable. Were they always a bachelorette? Or are they, oh, you go, I don't know. Um, that's interesting. I, yeah. Okay. Um, but anyways, yeah, that's a road map. Um, we're, they've got stuff plan for early 2026.
You know, there's nothing for this year and then stuff for later in the year with their 1.0 update.
And even a post 1.0 update.
But yeah, I mean, they've got the just romance, minds and dungeon stuff for the town, skills pretty much everything, right?
Like they're still on early access with a little bit of everything.
Let's see, you got any noteworthy picks out of this, Cody.
uh the mine's one um I like the nuke they have new bugs so new bugs um apiaries and terrariums i'm always excited about that i'm always interested in like what part of apiaries and terrariums like how much can you modify terrariums there's a lot I mean there could be a whole game about just making a terrarium for your bugs.
Yeah, yeah, I'm kind of surprised we don't have one. I mean there was what was the one? Oh my gosh The one you he's played I think that the pocket time. I got you one looking one
like pocket, bug boo pocket. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Up, upgrade your terraria because like you have to start out at a, you know, basic thing, but then as you get more experienced, maybe you're given opportunities to do like more.
What's that called?
That's the one. Yeah, like that link is in that direction, but not full on terrarium
Yeah, you're right. That should be again and that'd be a fun game, I'd be down for that.
collect different bugs and put them in different
environments that be sick yeah
Yeah, oh, I'd be down for that.
Oh, man, and, uh, unlock different bugs and stuff.
Oh, I'd be, uh, I'd love that.
Um, yeah, it feels, it feels a mystery to do that.
[laughs]
[laughter]
I don't know, you're, you're kind of general with your, your bullet points.
So do that, you're feel listening, do it.
Mary, Mary's in children, what?
Like, I get it.
It's the logical early.
That logical conclusion to marriage, children.
But I, what I don't get is why do games always feel the need to add that, the, the children part.
Do you know nothing wrong with it or whatever?
Just, uh, I don't know, it was misdepressing.
It feels like they're just copying the homework at that point.
Yeah, I mean, it's it makes sense that it's always an option, but like personally like I wrote yuck cuz I just like why
Um, but I don't know.
Yeah.
[laughs]
I, I think it's to try to give the relationship part the mechanics more meaning or
or something out of it but there's different ways, better ways.
Yeah, but like it could just the meaning can just be that it's
If these people care about each other and they want to be together like you don't have to add a relation like a baby to it get these babies out of here
Look, I'd rather just see the development be spent on being able to do stuff with your spouse. That'd be fun, how about that?
mm-hmm same big same
Yeah. Oh, good. But yeah, I mean, if you answer Mr. Chair, it'd start you like right so well.
all this stuff, they are going to finish the storyline for 1.0. They say, that's the let's probably on the big ones. But let's see, and anything else, like I'm just reading, it's just
Oh yeah, so they also have like the Saturday market.
I really love a good Saturday market.
I worked at one for a while.
Okay.
And I think it's just really fun.
It brings the community together.
So I like having like a set like market day.
That was cool.
Oh, they also know, I think you matter exactly,
but they know that there's post up,
there will be post 1.0 updates as well.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm thinking about Saturday markets now. I can't remember the last time because I know the feel like I know the feeling you're describing a one where it brings community. That's tough. Like we could at least in the, I have been one in the Atlanta area that feels like that. We have like a big
So which is, I mean, good, they're not.
but the end of 1.0.
1.0 will complete their vision, but they will continue to do stuff after.
Mm-hmm.
farmers market that people know about because it's big and it's great because you get great deals and you know, it's supporting the farmers locally. But that feels a little more commercial, right? Because it's like they're, it's not just a stand. They're like big lots basically. Um, so yeah, I'm trying to, I can't, I'm not have to look that up. You know what I did a lot as a kid. I did the swap meet like we went to the swap meet a bunch as a kid and that was great. Um, so it's kind of like,
Oh, so what is that?
what does Saturday market, but it's like everyone's, it's more like garage sale feely at the same time. It's not stalls. Generally speaking, it's more like, again, a slightly bigger lot, but it's just random stuff. It's, it's basically a bunch of garage sale type things. Um, kind of, kind of like an antique market, but, um, but, uh, just brand up stuff. Yeah.
Mm-hmm. Okay.
Okay, I do we have a few places here that have like
Like it's antique markets, but there you can rent a booth and then you sell your stuff out of your booth
That's kind of like that. I just I feel like I've I always heard about swap meets, but then I never
Yeah, yeah, it's just like hitting up a bunch of garage sales. I don't together
Did any and then I just realized I was like, I don't even know really what that means
Yeah, that makes sense
Yeah, which is just fun. I like a good garage sale
Mm-hmm
Not not running one, but going on. Okay. Um, so fields of mystery a sadly. No swap meets or
But it does have Saturday market so good good for you
Okay, so that's all the updates to exist
games or coming updates. Let's get into some new games. All right, this first one. I mean hats off on the title alone
We get frog island
That's a concept. I'm down with just off the bat
Yep, you have my attention.
Yeah, and like I like the art style
It's it's not it's ice a isometric a bit very cutesy looking
Mm-hmm
I'm I'm trying to think of how to what to compare it to because it was doing
To me it looks a lot like
Usagishima, so yeah, or necko oxime, but usagishima was like the main one that I
That's don't yes, that's the one
Immediately I was like did the people who made usagishima make this game cuz it just seems very very similar, but
But it's doing its own thing, too
Yeah, okay. All right. Let's read the description because I'm just admiring the beauty of the the heart here
Yeah, yeah
Trapped on mysterious island you are greeted by a woman who asked you to take care for frogs while she is away
Very understandable sentiment and it was explored farm cooked fish and befriend magical frogs So you try to find a way to escape the island and figure out why you're even here in the first place
Okay, see you lost me there cuz I
Don't need to understand why I've died or nor need to escape
I have no questions, just, yes, the answers, yes, I'll be here.
Chef frog it's a orange frog at the chef at I
Emergency frog why would
Yeah, escape with that nope, I don't get that but
But anyways, that's
Wait, what I didn't see the wet frog science arm reading the note
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so there's a during the in the video
Oh I see it!
There's like an area where there's like a frog spawn a bunch of the frogs are like chillin and they're you know How like wet floor signs or it's like watch out like danger wet floor like they there's just a frog behind all of or a sign behind all of them It's just a wet frog
Oh my gosh, it's so funny
Yeah
Yeah It's pretty good Also, there's a frog like in the middle of like it's on a roof and the roof on fire feels a little bit like this is fine dog
Yeah, it's the- it's the this is fine nugget. I felt the same, me.
But this is fine frog
This is fine frog
Yup. Like, yep, this is- this is okay.
So that's March 20th of next year already got a
The developer's literally called dev frog holy moly is getting credible
Yeah, yep, I saw that.
Yeah, I'll put me down for that. Okay
Yep.
Um, all right, let's see next up we have
Oh gosh, okay Project Evertree. Sorry. It's a gosh because I've tried to remember who orange season was I had to go through the roll at X
- Yeah, I don't know.
So there's a game called Orange Season that I don't know if we ever covered it or anything,
but...
We talk about the news. I do remember the name coming up, but no, I don't think we actually covered the game itself
Yeah, so, but like they, the people that made Orange Season,
okay, I'm just gonna read this.
Orange Season was a passion project,
put with a lot of challenges,
and we tackled them as best we can.
We learned a lot along the way,
but ultimately some things were out of our control.
That's why we brought another team to help with the development of Orange Season while we work on our next game,
we trust that they will bring our vision
into life. Patches will start to roll out next month for all platforms. We are building this new project from all the lessons we learned from orange season and your feedback. So to me, so to me, this is like a game that they haven't even like they're gonna start it, but they haven't started it yet, but they're letting you know that like orange season patches are still coming. We're still, they're still working on orange season, but they've more or less moved the development to us another team.
mmm yeah which hmm I get it and obviously we don't know the circumstances on you know their side but that's that's not a great look I mean it's probably rough for them too but um yup gotta gotta cut and run feels like right and they're not abandoning it but like they're just saying out right there they're switching years kind of.
Yeah, to have to like, put your move your baby over.
Yep.
There's still working on it. But the actual project ever tree is a quote cozy single player farm management game that followed the journey of Alessandra competing to be the best farmer in the summer camp manager farm alongside your companions complete chores for points and deal with the dynamics of a colorful cast in their teenage years.
Um, I'm sorry. I'm just checking. There was no video or anything, right? It's just
Nope, there's no video there's not that there's literally just the image
this one. Image of a big tree with purple leaves and Project Ever tree will go over it. Um, I get them. Anything. No, I wish them luck, I guess.
Yeah, yep, so it's just a we're they're gonna be doing it
Gonna happen, but as it stands currently, there's not it doesn't look like there's
That could be fun. Um, but, uh, summer camp setting could be a fun idea. It depends if you have colorful casts. How colorful. That could be entertaining. Um, yeah. Um, all right. Yeah,
it's hard to say there's, there's nothing. We got nothing to go off really other than the text. Um, but all right, there you go. So no, no, anything is to win or anything. So just keep an eye out. Good name, though, Project Ever.
Yeah, yep.
Okay. All right, that's that's that's it. That's the news we did it. We've increased the news for now.
Wooooo!
So let's get into a linked banner of the spark. The game I bought on basically unreleased.
[laughing]
- Was it worth it?
Yeah, well, mmm. I am unsure.
- Just a yes or no.
Okay, so all right, all right, let's let's let's start with the premise, right? Um,
over here, I'll read the quote, uh, build the bright new world alongside a band of rescued robot buddies in this colorful action RPG about a ways of enemies and solar co-op then return home and use their parts to craft a thriving town assemble your crew and grow stronger with each new adventure.
So this goes in the what we, uh, I'll coin to the rogue life. John,
Well, they also, they say that they're rogue life as well.
Oh, is that them? Oh, never mind. Okay, they coined it then, I think.
Yeah, they say it like on their thing.
Yeah, so they, they call themselves rogue life.
Um, and then they also, uh, I saw this like, um, like,
looking back at some of their previous posts, I saw this one that was like,
Hades meets Animal Crossing.
Maybe this was on the, maybe this was on the discussion, like the forum.
Mm-hmm
Um, so yeah, I just do, yeah.
Okay
The professor does it seem like Hades meets Animal Crossing to you.
Absolutely, um, yes, okay. Have you played either hate well you played him or something you played Hades?
Okay.
Play Animal Crossing, no, no, I'm not played Hades.
Okay, have you played cult of lion?
No, I want to.
Okay. All right. Well, uh, okay
Okay, cult of lamb
I know, I'm no help.
No, no, no, no, I'm frustrated because what I'm about to say
I was really
intrigued by this not intrigued like I was excited. I saw it the art style look cool the premise was good That's why I bought it on release
Call to the lamb is the direct
Comparison point because it's the same idea of half a game is broke like combat heavy and then half of it is developing a little settlement
And here's here's the part that pains me like I bought the game I put in and it's not terribly expensive. I think it's just 20 USD. Yeah, thanks
I put in many hours. I don't have an hour count, but at least two or three weeks of playing on the regular. But overall, like I put it down. I put it down. I'm not, you know, sometimes you put a game down because you get distracted or other stuff comes up. This one I put down just, I lost interest.
Mm-hmm.
Like, it doesn't happen often to me. Like, hopefully, I guess I did put it down technically. I didn't.
Okay.
I didn't beat it, but it wasn't out of lack of interest. I just got sidetracked or whatever. Anyway, the point I'm trying to get to is like call to the lamb just is just better in almost every category, which is, is rough. So let's, let's, let's get to it the brass tracks. There's two ways that the animal crossing park on the Haiti sport.
Mm-hmm.
Let's start with the animal crossing part and the more cottage core e-part
So visually, like the game works well for that because it's bright, it's colorful.
I do like the art style, generally speaking, it's a little generic, like generic anime-y like Pokémon shown in e-style. The colors are bright and whatnot, but there's no environment or anything that really sticks out. There's some settings that feel like
again, where the setting is robots have taken over the world and there's just a few humans,
so a lot of it is, you know, robots and machines scattered about, but you're trying to reclaim the world and reclaim nature a bit so there's a lot of heavily-forested areas too.
And so you're kind of blending it, so it's not bad, it's nice enough, but it just doesn't stick out like cult of the lamb or Hades. So that's...
A little unfortunate, the music, nothing to write home about, it's pretty much the same thing, like no track sticks in my mind, but it's good enough for playing.
Okay. Yep.
The building the town part, I'm going to hop to that because that's the animal crossing part.
It's just fall short, this is the problem of the game, like the bar is higher, it helps everything it does,
because it's a great
good-based system, and you're just plotting decorations down, I think part of it is there's not enough customization options in the game. There's a few, but not enough to feel like animal crossing. And the unfortunate part is it's largely, it's largely or just ornamental.
So call to the lamb when you build up your settlement, when you build up your settlement.
and take care of your cult members or whatever, it actually benefits you in the combat part.
It expands your abilities and your... just general upgrades and stuff like that.
Call to the lamb does that very well of the cycle of going into combat for stuff to bring back your village, to increase stuff in the village, to go out into combat,
or linked does not do that.
Like you build up your town, kind of animal crossing style, and it's nice enough, but it's just... it's kind of its own reward,
so how much you get out of that subjective, which is kind of unfortunate because for me, I just wasn't really feeling it.
It was a little okay, but I think part of the challenge too is getting the enough resources to craft or build whatever you need.
going to build a path you need a lot of a certain type of resource and and sometimes I can get a little tedious because it's either you're just killing a bunch of random enemies out in the field or you're shaking trees and and mining rocks which is just basic basically hit the button sort of stuff so yeah the the town part of it is a little a little lack lustrous
I think the best part is the actual growing of the village villagers I should say because
you there is a like animal crossing there is a set of facilities with npc's that run them and those are you know required are always there you have a black smith you have a chef you have a
general store person and so on and so forth right and they're all robots
but you also get villager robots who and I think you can get up to 10 in your village at one time but you can unlock up to 40 of them and so you can kind of swap them out it is fun to see the villagers kind of running around and doing stuff not not like anything super interactive or memorable but it's just when you fill it up the town it does feel a lot more lively with all these
Yeah
around um
When I think like looking at the like it's you're basically it's just robots, right like yeah, so
It's nice to yeah, add in the other member of something else
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean
That's definitely part of this game like it's clear. It's for robot people, right? Like which is what was a big draw for me?
I like robots and and
like Metabots and and stuff like that like the thought of collectible robot game that that sounded really cool to me
And it again, it is nice, but it's
Largely ornamental the designs are okay nothing like super sticks out to me
But again, it's it's it's good enough
the Let me think the
One thing you oh, oh, yeah, okay, so I'm gonna kind of start sliding into the comments stuff But the progression is it's all quest based basically you talk to certain villagers You talk to the the facilities
managers and they give you quests Clear X, you know, clear this level.
Achieve this objective beat X number of enemies. It can vary and I think again, that's might be part of the TDM because it's just it's very, very quest like linear sort of thing.
There's not a lot of flavor to it, right? The writings, okay, there's the personalities don't stick out like say animal crossing, right?
All those shop keeps very clear.
memorable personalities. Nothing like that. They try. I'll give them the sticker for an effort,
[laughs]
but an attempt was indeed made, but it's just not hitting like Animal Crossing was. But that said, oh, you know what? Oh, I'm back. I'm back here one second. Fishing, let me talk about fishing real quick.
- And attempt was made.
mm-hmm. Oh, okay.
Because that's part of village life too. There is fishing in the game. I'm torn on the fishing minigame in this game. I like it more than stardoos, but it's challenging almost.
Because what it is is basically it's a spinner and there's a colored part of the spinner and you have to hit the colored part. And you have to do that a few times to fill up the gauge and when the gauge fills up you catch the fish.
But for some of the rare fish, that's hard and if you mess up, if you hit the spinner in an incorrect part, the gauge goes down sometimes a good amount.
So it can be frustrating to kind of learn the timing properly.
But that said, they do do some cool stuff. First of all, the fish are also all robotic.
So that's fun. And you don't have a fishing rod.
Oh, I haven't even talked about it.
It's called the wire, it's a grappling hook, basically attached to your arm.
What happens is fish will jump out of the water, and you have to hook them with your arm,
which is fun.
And if you do the timing just so like at the height of their jump, you actually get like a bonus and like half the gauges feel or something like that when you're fishing.
So that is a little fun.
It's at least different.
I'll say that.
It's a little more dynamic.
It's not, same old table we've seen in another game.
So I gave them a thumbs up for the fishing that they're trying to do.
But they also have, they don't have bugs, but they have these, what are they called,
bitty-bots, like tiny little robots hiding around in trees and rocks and stuff like that.
Okay.
They don't look like bugs, sadly.
They're just little robots with different designs.
There's one that looks like a star, one that looks like, I think, a teardrop, something like that.
a handful of designs. So that's kind of replacing by
bugs and there's just another whole group of things to catch. And those are definitely the two most active part of town, kind of like animal crossing, but just not as engaging. There's no museum, sadly. You know, you have an encyclopedia page or whatever. I don't think that even has info, just like the collection page. But they try to at least make it their
wop flavor. Um, yeah.
Yeah, but without like the incentive of like filling something and I think that's probably part of the fact that there's no other like real villagers or anything that's basically just you I mean that to me is just seems really lonely to like do this all by yourself, but I mean that's probably what it it's meant to convey so.
Yeah, yeah, I mean, yeah, I guess so because like, I mean, you can't there's dialogue with the villagers and whatnot, but it's it's just not as fulfilling. They don't feel as alive as an animal crossing a villager.
I will give them one thumbs up for one specific, very specific thing to you can do. You can grapple a villager and throw them into the river.
They'll just respawn, but it's just a really funny animation and they incentivize you because every now and then you'll get a request from a villager to throw them in the water or throw other people in the water.
What happens when you do that?
Okay.
What?
I don't know why they just and usually and sometimes they'll just don't just don't question it. Just do it. Yeah, yeah.
Just do it.
They're just trying to see if you'll do it.
So yeah, let me talk about the facilities real quick because they're they're the closest like connective tissue to the to the combat portion, which I'll get to in a minute, but let's see, okay, there's a blacksmith's pretty straightforward. It's your weapon of grades or crafting and each facility manager has their own line of quests.
So if you do stuff for the blacksmith you of course unlock new weapon types or
mm-hmm I think I solved 80 weapon types is that okay got it that would make sense
different upgrades to other weapons and so on and so forth.
I think there's like ten base weapon types and probably variations of thereof that's probably what they're saying yeah and I think you know what I this is probably one of the biggest criticism of the game actually the progression system kind of shoots itself in the foot because the blacksmith is a a very good example.
So in Hades, for instance, you can access all the weapon types pretty quickly relative to how long you're playing the game until you hit true credits or whatever.
Mm hmm.
So you get the chance to explore different weapons and figure them out.
In this game, because of the progression system where you have to do all the quests for the Blacksmith, you don't reach the final weapon type until his, I think,
can ultimate weapon or his quest or whatever.
So it feels like you're playing a lot of the game with a lot of options still kind of locked out.
And you can, you know, kind of focus on the Blacksmith and Beeline it or whatever, but it still feels like you're missing out because you know,
I think most people would be trying to do other quests and other stuff at the same time.
And the weapon,
let's talk more about the weapons in the combat, but it's just this kind of general idea of there's a lot of good features and upgrades that are locked behind this quest system because it's so linear it can take a while to get to.
Okay, if anyone plays linked, do the chef quest lines first because he unlocks something probably the best feature of the game.
Mm-hmm.
And that is you can take your villagers out on combat with you.
You can take up to two.
First, you get one, but then you'll lock a second slot later and that's all from doing the quest lines or the chef quest lines excuse me.
And that's not only very fun to have your villagers join you because they have different attacks and different combat cells, but it's also really, really helpful.
So that that and again that's lock bind quest line and you don't really see it until you get there.
Again, just critical upgrades that feel like block behind these quest lines and I wish you could access them faster.
Let me think the other facilities they're not as critical to combat a lot of it is for the town upgrading you you get a craftsman guy who teaches you how to build different like fencing and decorations, benches, fences.
Oh my goodness. There's this thing. I don't know if to call it a bug or whatever, but I'm building if when you go and I build a fence and I put you know the gate to enter the fence or whatever.
Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm.
I don't know if it's been fixed yet, but I can't there's a gap there's always this gap between a fence post and the gate and it kills me.
It kills me because you can walk through it even.
So I can't have a complete fence and oh it's it's all I hate it so much.
That, that would bother me.
Yeah, it's really bad. I was building my house and I'm putting a fence around it and then I don't get it.
There is a greenhouse like plant crop specialist person.
She's a researcher, I believe it is.
And she, you can grow crops and fruit trees.
There's not active, it's just you plant and you wait a while and they grow and you harvest them.
So partially ornamental, but partially you get resources to cook food or whatever.
Um, and, uh, yeah.
You see, you get the, oh, character customization because there is a stylist.
Yeah. Yeah, I see that there's a lot of that, so I was wondering about that.
Um, so you get different outfits.
Um, you can buy different outfits from the stylist and the general shop or whatever.
And then you can get dyes.
Um, you get dyes from different resources from different crops and things like that.
Um, and so then, you know, you get this wider range of outfits.
they're just sets you don't unfortunately don't get to customize each like
mix and match it's just a pick and outfit and then you can color it whatever color dye you want
Which is fun. I think the outfits look nice and having a company color variations is fun
but You do oh you can actually customize the character
Like the the face and the body and the hair and all that stuff
But the camera is usually so zoomed out like it doesn't feel like it makes much of a difference like it's hard to see your character
moments where like at the start or end of a run and combat you'll it'll zoom in a bit more you can see it a bit more
but It feels like a little ways of potential that
Maybe this game would be better from a do better or feel better from a closer camera
Because it's very zoomed out so you can see the whole town
Which is fun because you see all the robots running around
But you can't zoom into yourself So it just feels like you're not seeing your character And I don't call them bad it's the same thing, it's a fairly zoomed out camera. So yeah, the character customizations there just feels like it's it's not landing because just don't get to enjoy it really. Okay, so with that, okay, I think that roughly covers the town and customizations. So let's talk about the combat. The combat is hard. You
Okay, you're using your wire still, okay.
Okay, that's probably the best thing. So yeah, it's two things. One, it's hard and it's kind of awkward. I say that because compared to other roguelike games, like Hades or cult of the lamb, it's a much slower pace of battle or the overall feel. Like in Hades and cult of lamb,
Mm-hmm.
you get a dash, a proper dash, you go from you know, one place to the other in a snap.
And this will game you get a role, which is...
maybe it's a taste thing, but I certainly don't enjoy it as much as the other games.
But they make up for that because you get the wire, the grappling hook, and you can use that on enemies.
It's the timing is a little weird to get used to, but you can drag them into you.
Or you can even do this thing where if you have enough damage on an enemy, you can just grab them and just auto kill them, you just pull them apart, which is fun.
So, like, that wire thing, they're heading in the right direction, just needs a little more polish.
And it also depends on the weapons you're using, because like I mentioned, there's, I think, like 10 different weapon types.
And they do play wildly differently.
Some feel a lot more better.
They're suited to using the grappling hook than others.
Like the X is there's an X that is a big slow X.
And that one doesn't work as well with the wire because the wire is in a quick motion and then trying to fall over the big slow swing doesn't feel that successful most of the time.
But say like your standard sword, sure you can pull them in and slice them up.
That works fairly fine.
There's not...
Some of the weapon types are...
I'll give them a golf clap for trying something different.
There is a guitar as a weapon type,
Okay. Okay.
and you can swing it around like an act kind of,
or you can do a charge attack, and then you do the slide.
You know the guitar slide, and you're damaging enemies that way.
When I think it releases the sound waves then, which is a fun one.
Um, yeah.
That's something different, that's interesting.
is different. They have, oh gosh, they have a chakra, I think it is called like a ring bladed ring that you throw around. That one's a fun one. I'm trying to remember what other ones are. There is a blaster gun like it's just a straight up gun. It's probably the best weapon in the game because one you do it from afar so you're very safe. But you I can also charge it up and just just
kill a lot of stuff just with the charge shots but yeah let's see there's claws that's a good one I'm trying to oh the board I forgot there's a surfboard that is a weapon too again you can kind of swing it around like you would with the board or if you do the charge attack you hop on it and you fly around on it just running everything over that's that's another fun
Oh.
that one felt pretty creative and I think probably one of my favorite weapon types but yeah they have a bunch of standard stuff spear cannon so on and so forth so you know they do play differently but it's still it's a lax little and I think the biggest problem is the upgrade system so roguelike games how the pattern works you start or run you you get a floor you
the floor and then you get an upgrade at the end for your run the upgrades are not great they're they're pretty man the best you get like an attribute like electric or fire or ice or whatever even freeze or burn you know status effects but nothing is fundamentally changing your weapon playing your place out or anything call the lamb and Hades do that and they're very good at that where they can fund it.
It's just incremental percentage increases.
At the bare minimum, you feel very strong.
If you go far in a run, you get a lot of upgrades.
In Hades or Kuralami, you feel crazy strongly.
You're just clearing stuff if things are going well.
Mm-hmm
This game, not the case.
You can stack up as many upgrades and it's just incremental percentage increases.
Mm-hmm
increases, um, you, you don't.
You don't ever get the feeling of, like, power that, that feels so cool in Hades or cult of the blam. Um, and so that, and that's, and that's coupled by the, the difficulty because, you know, the enemies do a lot of damage, actually. Um, it, it's very easy to die and lose, you know, your run and you have to start all over, which is frustrating when the upgrade to so poor. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But this is again, why the villagers are probably the best feature in the game when you add them in because then you have two villagers who are decoys. Um, they're also damaging. And if you fall,
Mm-hmm well, that's that's the rogue part of the
they can resurrect you. Um, so yeah, that having the villagers fight with you, that's a good one. I wish I could upgrade them a bit more. There is a small upgrade system, but it's,
it's just, I think numerical of anything. Um, I wish I could maybe customize them or something,
to sadly, no, they're just they're
excellent decoy slash assists. But yeah, that's I think that roughly covers the combat. It's like it's it's good. It's not bad combat for the most part. But again, the bar is just very high and it's not not living up to it. Yeah, so that's I'm trying to think here for like
Just got to put them out in the front lines for the fodder.
there's another element. I want to talk about it, but I nope, I lost it. But yeah, I think that roughly covers the game that they'll experience as a whole. Do you have any questions on all that? I know that was a lot kind of
- Okay.
just word vomiting here. But um,
No, I think I was mostly interested, like this game looks like it's a lot.
Um, like it's a lot, it's got a lot going on, but it also still has like that bit of loneliness to it. And I was wondering if that was like affected by the little bots at all.
Mm-hmm
Yeah
Which it sounds like it kind of is, but like not 100% you can play, this is just for the listeners,
you can play multiplayer. So you can have your friends come in and like help. So you can do that.
Yes, yeah, you know what, actually that's a good point as some they did want to bring up.
That's cool.
I think if the game is built for multiplayer, I haven't played with anyone, but like just based off the villagers, I bet it's a lot more fun to grab, you know, a couple of friends and play with them. Um, it feels like it's, it's geared towards that. If anyone wants to play, let me know.
Yeah, so
Oh, oh, now I remember the other thing I wanted to talk about. Yes, the
Yay
So I played I got this on my switch. It's on switch. It's switch to I think on steam. I think the early access was on steam and in one point no drop with switch.
It does not run well on on switch loading times are brutal.
Oh.
Frame rate isn't the best. It's it's not great. I'm sure it's a lot better on switch too.
I'm sure it can be a lot better on Steve.
It's standard switch version, little technically rough, which is a shame considering everything.
The loading times are the ones that kill me because when you lose the run and yet the weight and other, you know, 30 seconds or whatever to get back into town, it's not great.
Not great.
So I guess the another thing I wanted to ask is so it sounds like this game fell a little far front like a little far from the mark like it it could have what one thing do you think would improve this game to like make it so that you would pick it up more.
I think the upgrade stuff I talked about fixing the upgrades making them either more or just more impactful generally speaking right because whether that's increasing like the actual power where you can actually feel it or changing the playstyle of your weapon um I think that would fix it because like even if the the town stuff it was still a little weak per se I think if the combat was fun.
I think the upgrade system is probably the most love for me to get out of it.
Or you know, I'll offer you one on the other side on the downside.
If we got an actual museum to fill out, like I think that would be a lot more enticing to
to go through stuff, but yeah, sadly, there is no, like the growth of the town is largely up to you.
How much you want to fill out on craft or whatever, but no actual go-post from a museum.
I think that would help a lot.
Yeah, I think that that would be the other thing because it is such a lonely game and you don't have those characters like
Yeah.
Asking for you to do things kind of is just self-motivated, but I feel like there's there are definitely people who are the self-motivated type who want to collect everything who want to like
Yeah. Yeah. I mean, like, I, I guess if you look at the art, right? If you see that you see it's going to be robot heavy, like if, and it's rogue life, rogue like, I guess that's the more important part of the combat aspect, like it then ties to you. It's worth a shot. Like,
Do everything that you can so maybe so I guess like my last question would be who would you recommend this game for?
It's not a terribly expensive game. It's only 20 USD.
They're actively working on it, so there still might be a future for this game.
But I may be a little more time in the oven, and it'll be a definite thumbs up.
But for now, it's just, I guess, mostly for a robot collector type person, a very specific or niche thing.
But that's what suckered me like. Oh man, I could call it robots for my town.
that part still on paper sounds cool and it kind of is to see the grown to town and run around but it's just so much of the stuff I have to get through like it's unfortunate it feels a little tedious at times like yeah yeah because yeah like the villagers they'll give you quite a solid time but they're from a handful of things either collect some fish collect some bugs maybe do a certain run and so on and so forth like it's just again not a lot of
which is unfortunate oh I know what stopped me in this game I just remember there was a thing that stopped me I got a mission I can't remember if it was from villager or whatnot but it was to do a run without a single no not getting hit or like what's it yeah yeah not getting hit I know hit run and that was brutal I couldn't do it that's what killed it for me um take yeah take that one I don't like that there are no
it runs hard um like maybe for post game or something but that's hard that's for the soaks on people
Yeah Yeah, I mean they do it like my husband is playing still playing right now and he was talking about like sometimes he'll tell me about some of the stuff he's struggling with and I'm like babe I think that the people would just tell you that uh get good like I think that that's as hornet as hornet
Uh, as, excuse me, as Hornet would say, "Get good!"
would say like you just need to get good
Yeah.
So, like, I, I, I look, I'll, of course there's all the memes in the fan art out on the internet, and everyone's about the saha, or whatever, but, um, but now the get good, that's the one, people aren't harping on that one enough, I love it.
because that's I mean that's the thing about that game is it's just like there's so much about it that's just you just gotta you just have to do with it.
I'm terrified of that game I have I have to I have to be hall and I that's a requirement from what I've read be not even lore wise just get to whoa that's the warm up for so
[laughs]
- Yeah, it definitely, I mean, if you basically,
I feel like if you don't like Hollow Knight,
Yeah, yeah, yeah, because what if it's hauling a barter?
It is. That's the tweet. Yeah.
Yeah Yeah, yeah, I think cherry like I love them and I hate them. They're sickos
Cool. Well, I think, I think that about wraps up our discussion of linked banner of the spark.
So I see this thing in the outro. Al, I don't know what this means. Okay. Okay.
Yeah
Okay, I'll tell you I'll explain to you because it threw me off when I saw it
He's look he's just changed it because not everyone wants to plug something right we don't have to tell them the handle It's just here's your moment to do something like
I'm okay
Here, I'll take the lead because you know what's funny. I realized the other day. I have two
Unfortunately, it's still on Twitter because there's people I talked to there. I have two Twitter handles
mm-hmm. You okay? Uh-huh.
Acupa press my personal and at spider squared my art account
Well, somehow I've it's become inverted where Acupa. I'm just seeing and just retweeting awesome Pokemon and Digimon fan artists and
[laughter]
And sick art memes and soaksong and stuff like that
And then somehow and the spider squared. That's why I see more personal stuff or opinions and whatnot that I retweet
[coughing]
So, go to one of those for one of the other.
I don't know which one's which.
any more, but at least a there's a lot of good artists still on Twitter.
I'll say that as for the the hellscape it is and everything else.
There's a lot of great talent on there.
What about you, Cody?
Anything you want to plug or say?
So, uh, yeah, I mean, if you want to tap me,
if you can find me on Instagram at hiking beagle, beagle,
and/or on the podcasts, um, hate, uh, slack.
But I'm trying to think of like a fun,
something fun to say.
Oh, I mean, I think we've already said it.
Get good!
Oh, oh, oh, okay, good.
No, no, okay, so here's something that's fun.
Um, anything to say to the audience,
I want to, I probably could have done this in the beginning,
um, I found a really cool bug.
So in my, no, no, no, in real life.
- His name's Tornit.
Is it Hornit?
No, it's not.
Um, so it's a, there's this, um, family of wasps called crescited wasps or, um, jewel wasps.
Oh. Oh.
And they're the, they look like little jewels,
and they're butts, look like little crowns.
10 out of 10 recommend looking at, yeah, look at them.
- What?
- I'm looking it up.
I'll put some in the slack.
Um, and.
But they're so that there's like the main sub family that looks like all of those, but there's this other sub family that doesn't have the same vibe as the others in the family, and I've never seen one of these, but I was going through my like tricky ID things that I've been putting off forever because I didn't want to do them.
Um, and I found one of these and then I looked it up. I was like, Oh, it's this and then I looked it up. This thing has not been seen in the United States East of Kansas.
Oh
So I have like a regional record. It has gone. So it is up in like, it is up in like K back. Um, and like Montreal and stuff like that, but it's not. It hasn't like jumped. No one's found it like over the lakes yet. Um, so I'm super excited about that. That's what I that's what I'm going to say to the audience.
Wow That's wild
Yeah
That's that's cool. That's pretty cool, but all like
But also like what I love bugs but was that why why why?
Okay, here's the other thing.
Those are the one like oh no, stay
The wasps that everyone thinks of.
Like when you think of wasps,
you think of like yellow jackets and hornets that are gonna like sting you, right?
Yes.
That is one family of wasps,
but there are so many other wasps.
And even those wasps are actually really hecking cool.
It's just that they tend to put their nests in places that are inconvenient to us.
Yes, like my truck, yes, many times in the truck, I had to fight him off.
[laughing]
So I'm all for, I'm all for like if you,
if you have this like these in an inconvenient place,
remove them.
But if you, if they're like at the end of your yard and you never go over there, just let them live,
like they actually are really good at,
like yellow jackets and hornets eat your garden pests.
Yeah, yeah, I know that I appreciate them, but these jewel bugs are wasp that there's some that are iridescent.
but there's a bunch of other super, super cool bugs.
I mean, they look like little jewels and they're so cute.
That that looks painted. I'm looking at one
Yeah, and looking at one other microscope is just so pretty and they they have a lot of like little divots in their.
I'm trying to think of the in their skin. I'm trying to think of like the non scientific way to say it, but in that. On their outside, they have like all these little divots and it looks like.
Ha ha ha ha ha, the normie word.
like a jewel could like literally fit in there. It's like they are the crown, but they are also the jewel, but you could like socket a jewel right into them. They're so cool.
That sounds like a silk song design.
That is what I wanted to say to the audience.
[laughs]
All right, there you go.
And if you audience want to say things to Al or the podcast, which will go to Al,
go to Tumblr and Blue Sky at THSPod to follow the show for notes and episodes.
Go to harvestseason.club.
We don't know if the feedback is still working or not.
I don't know.
I haven't heard.
I'll shoot.
Look, you know what?
You just need to get an email.
That's how other people do it.
[laughing]
Let's be real.
Make it easier.
Everyone's got an email.
That way people can email their dumb questions and comments that I want to hear and be subject to.
I say dumb with affection.
Because I sent I sent dumb emails to other podcasts.
Or if you want the cool club, the direct way of getting in touch.
Go to patreon.com/ths
but throw a few bucks towards Al's way. He's got children to feed. And you can get cool stuff. You can get access to the greenhouse series of non-cotted core related stuff. We got many topics that we need to sit down and do. Cody and I will rank bug did you, man. No, no, we won't. But we could. I mean, we could. Yeah.
Oh, dude, we should totally do that because then I'm curious if there are any bug Digimon that are like better.
Like what if Digimon is just better at bugs that we should also do whenever I think Greg's game might be out soon.
Okay, well...
So friend of the pod, Greg Leatherman is making a game and I am going to out myself that I don't remember at the name of the game.
So they're called Domus guy and it's in Kickstarter right now it's like basically Pokemon, but it's made by some really cool people and that we know and he has been posting these like cute little critters on his Instagram for hot minute and he actually consulted me on one of them.
So you'd be recommend looking at that so it's D-O-M-E-S-K-I.
Domus guy. You look check it out on them Kickstarter and do it. If you're going to the Pax Unplugged then you can come and meet Greg and talk to him all about it.
It actually already met its goal. So the goal was 10 grand and it hit 15k. There are still 62 hours to go. So I guess if you're listening to this at release like go go go go go go.
Oh, yeah. Oh, that's, you know what? That's good. Cause I get my paycheck and I need to do that. Um, I just been waiting for this paycheck specifically. Um, but, uh, yes, good good shout out. I mean, it's, it's a tabletop monster collecting Greg's head of passion for both forever and ski. So he's the man for the job. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
Um, okay. So that's, uh, so that's that and you know what we should do is do a green hat.
House on that. That'd be sick. Yeah. Yeah. The designs. Yeah. Yeah. On blue again. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Look, look, Cody, you and I have a handful of good to.
We should. That's what I'm saying. We should do that when it comes out. Like, we should really I want to I want the book and I want to go through the, um, the bug doe this guy. Um, but we also, we also still need to do one on sonic three. Uh, and while blue, so blue, we all wanted to do one on blue, we too, possibly. So that could be like a three people. But like, we got a couple here on putting that in bug Digimon. Don't.
We can still do the, I don't know if you finished a little house yet, but we can do the, we can do the greenhouse on the prairie episode and talk about how great, doc.
Oh, Rosie grim, grim cozy. Do dog bakers awesome. So a little weird and somebody else says I'm a little like.
Go, go, go. We could talk about how great dog bakers. Um, he's the best.
Well, it was at the, him or was it the times? I mean, y'all know there's that one opposite in their mind there. That was him, it was a little bit of the times, but a little bit of him too.
But a little bit of him, yep.
Yeah. Oh.
To be discussed though, but if you want to follow the podcast, we highly recommend and support the podcast so that we can keep doing silly little things like this.
You can go to the patreon patreon.com/chspod.
You can follow the podcast on tumblr and blue sky at thspod.
You can provide feedback and you can get links and show notes and transcripts of each episode at theharvestisend.club. And...
Also, if you do the patreon, you get access to our Slack, which is bump in one of Al's friends recently joined and there's a lot more in real life on.
IRL friends and all. Yeah.
Yeah, there is a lot, a lot of chatter now, which I'm loving. And then, so shout out to them. I don't remember them.
Clemme?
Yep, clapping me. That's the user name with the three.
Um...
With a three.
They got miraculous ladybug after us a good one.
Heck yeah.
So yeah, highly recommend you can get access to this list.
And then also you get access to those green-house episodes of us talking about all the cool stuff.
Okay, all right. Oh, that'll do it. Thank you, Cody for coming on. Thank you all for having us and until next time deers listeners
Mm-hmm have a good harvest.
Have a good harvest
The Harvest season is created by Al McKinley, with support from our patrons, including our pro farmers, Kevin Stewart and Alisa.
Our art is done by Micah the Brave, and our music is done by Nick Burgess.
Feel free to visit our website, harvestseason.club for show notes and links to things we discussed in this episode.
Okay, okay, here's your post credits. All right, you you asked about bug Digimon here. Here's the teaser trailer
Oh, okay.
So so here's the thing about did oh my goodness that that's a good picture. Sorry. I saw your picture. I'm posting in the thread
I'm putting, I'm putting dog stuff in the thread.
Yeah, yeah, okay
So here as to whether Digimon does bugs good or not well that depends
Because you see the Digimon philosophy is as they get bigger or higher level
- Mm-hmm.
They strap guns and rope maybe robots and things.
[laughing]
The question I think will set the tone here.
I'm posting the image on the slat and that thread.
Do you like Mothmon?
it. Oh, I see it at the end of the abdomen where the where the where the where the go-nads would be, you know what? It tracks. So some laws of fun fact, some off males when they mate with a female they actually put in what's called a
That is Mothmon.
He looks kind of like a little sentai guy.
He has the moth wings.
On the thorax or not, that's the wrong one.
The end of admin.
There is a Gatling gun.
There is a Gatling gun attached.
So there you go. That's the Digimon philosophy.
[Laughter]
her plug. So they put in something so that she literally cannot make another male. And it kind of like some of the project tylenus of it is like a gun. So this tracks the tracks.
Oh, I've heard of those things. That's, oh, that's why. Oh.
Well, that's, uh, then all right, there you go. Yeah.